Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
Who would have thought!
Just who would have thought!!
I, Kizuna AI,
have finally, finally
appeared in a rhythm game!!
[ Kizuna AI challenging a rhythm game!! ]
Ya~y!
Isn’t this amazing?
It’s even
a VR rhythm game!
So today
I’ll be playing it for you guys!
So let’s go ahead and get started!
Let’s go!
I’ll be playing
Tepic Tepoch!
I’ll aim for a new high score
and try my hardest!
Come at me!
Woah!
You know, this isn’t
about your timing and stuff
You just have to hit...
You have to hit
the stars!
And it changes
to suit your strength--!
[ The stronger you hit the stars, the higher your score! ]
Givin’ my all!
ARHHH
The stars!
I’m giving my all!!
♪ I’ll take myself as high as I can ♪
(dekiru dake take me higher)
♪ I want to know more and more ♪
(motto motto shiritain da yo)
♪ To the end of the endless future ♪
(hateshinai mirai no saki made)
♪ This warp flyer will speed ♪
(kasoku shite iku warp flyer)
♪ The dreams I imagined when I was young ♪
(kodomo no koro egaita yume wa ima mo)
AI-tan BEAM!
♪ The dreams I imagined when I was young ♪
(kodomo no koro egaita yume wa ima mo)
♪ Even now are turning away from the road home ♪
(soppo muita kaerimichi ni)
♪ The soft sigh I breathed out ♪
(chotto tsuita tameiki)
♪ Lies on the stage I long to be on with my folded costume ♪
(akogare suteeji no ishou tatanda mama)
♪  This paper airplane holds the words I want to say ♪
(marumeta kami hikooki tsutaetai kotoba)
♪ Always waiting for a sign that called to me ♪
(boku o yobu aizu o zutto matteta)
Woah woah!
♪ Always waiting for a sign that called to me ♪
(boku o yobu aizu o zutto matteta)
Woah!
♪ Always waiting for a sign that called to me ♪
(boku o yobu aizu o zutto matteta)
Woah woah!
♪ Always waiting for a sign that called to me ♪
(boku o yobu aizu o zutto matteta)
♪ But soon enough ♪
(demo mousugu honno chotto de)
♪ It’ll only take some courage ♪
(tatta hitotsu no yuuki dake)
SEIYA!
♪ It’ll only take some courage ♪
(tatta hitotsu no yuuki dake)
♪ To reach out my hand and understand ♪
(te o nobaseba wakaru hazu sa)
Good luck, me!
♪ To reach out my hand and understand ♪
(te o nobaseba wakaru hazu sa)
I will
♪ Right now ♪
(kono shunkan)
beat my highscore!!
♪ I’ll take myself as high as I can ♪
(dekiru dake take me higher)
♪ I want to know more and more ♪
(motto motto shiritain da yo)
♪ To the end of the endless future ♪
(hateshinai mirai no saki made)
♪ This warp flyer will speed  ♪
(kasoku shite iku warp flyer)
♪ The dreams I imagined when I was young ♪
(kodomo no koro egaita yume wa)
♪ Even now ♪
(ima mo)
♪ Take me right along, warp flyer ♪
(tsurete itte nee warp flyer)
♪ I’ve waited for this forever and ever ♪
(zutto zutto matte itan da yo)
I want to beat… myself…!
♪ Casting away the emotions I couldn’t let go of ♪
(nakusenai omoi mo kono te ni)
♪ I believe in the path I have chosen ♪
(boku no erabu michi o shinjite)
♪ From the moment I decided to move forward ♪
(susunde itai to omotta toki kara)
♪ I’ve already begun to fly ♪
(mou toberu no sa)
There are so many stars?!
The stars are gonna kill me
And bam!
How’s that?!
Ah, this...
was tricky
Ahh!
I did it!!
I beat my highscore!
But this is so disappointing!
Even though
I tried so hard
I only got a C…!
But really,
even though I’m virtual
I can still feel a vague sense
of tiredness!
But more importantly than that
it was so, so interesting!
[ This is not a sponsored video ]
This just now was exclusive
so you all won’t be able to play with my voice messages
But, but!
It’s still very fun
so definitely try to give it a go!
[ This is not a sponsored video ]
The VR rhythm game “SEIYA”
is released on the 15th of March
and there’s actually
a discount of 10% available
in the week after release
Everyone, definitely do give a try, please!
[ This is not a sponsored video ]
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
See you later!
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by myriadcandles
Timed by Loserbait
Song: Tepic Tepoch (Kizuna AI version)
Lyrics: chamo
Composer: s.h
Original vocalist: Hatsune Miku